Add / endpoint (#422)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-bridge: documentation/book/api/paths.adoc

[[_paths]]
== Paths

[[_info]]
=== GET /

==== Description

> Retrieves the Kafka Bridge instance info in JSON format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves information about the Kafka Bridge instance, in JSON format.
```

==== Responses

[options="header", cols=".^2a,.^14a,.^4a"]
|===
|HTTP Code|Description|Schema

> |**200**|Info about Kafka Bridge instance.|string

Reviewer: Info > Information
